Documentation update for measurement (#8038)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/newfragments/8038.trivial.rst

Reviewer: This file path is incorrect.

> Update documentation for the `measurement` property in the `GenericMap` class in `sunpy.map.mapbase.py`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated documentation for the ``measurement`` property in the `~.GenericMap`
```
